doc: update documentation of persist (#1512)
pmndrs/zustand: docs/integrations/persisting-store-data.md

  )
)
```

> ### How do I use deal with Map/Set with the persist api

Reviewer: I'm not completely sure how to understand it, but I think it will be more readable with a shorter question:

```suggestion
### How do I use it with Map and Set?
```

We implicitly use the `persist` API on this doc page, so I omitted it.

> With the previous persist API, you would use `serialize`/`deserialize` to deal with Map and Set and convert them into Array so they could be parsed into proper JSON.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the previous persist API, you would use `serialize`/`deserialize` to deal with Map and Set and convert them into an array so they could be parsed into proper JSON.
```

> With the previous persist API, you would use `serialize`/`deserialize` to deal with Map and Set and convert them into Array so they could be parsed into proper JSON.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the previous persist API, you would use `serialize`/`deserialize` to deal with Map and Set and convert them into an Array so they could be parsed into proper JSON.
```

> With the previous persist API, you would use `serialize`/`deserialize` to deal with Map and Set and convert them into Array so they could be parsed into proper JSON.

Reviewer: If I understood it correctly, this is how I'd rephrase it.

```suggestion
With the previous persist API, you would use `serialize`/`deserialize`
to deal with mapping and setting the data and converting it
into an Array, so it could be parsed into a proper JSON.
```

Author: Not really, i'm talking about the JS Object `Map` and `Set` not mapping and setting.

Reviewer: Alright, you can wrap it in backticks, so `Map` and `Set`, so that it's clear that they're JS objects.

Reviewer: And you can split this long line to shorter ones, to match the rest of this file.

The new persist API has deprecated `serialize`/`deserialize`.

> Now, you will need to use the `storage` prop, let's say your state use a `Map` to handle a list of `transactions`, then you can convert the Map into an Array in the storage prop:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, you will need to use the `storage` prop. Let's say your state uses `Map` to handle a list of `transactions`, then you can convert the Map into an Array in the storage prop:
```

> Now, you will need to use the `storage` prop, let's say your state use a `Map` to handle a list of `transactions`, then you can convert the Map into an Array in the storage prop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you will need to use the `storage` prop.
For example, let's say your state uses `Map` to handle
a list of transactions, then you can convert that Map
into an Array in the `storage` prop:
```

> ```typecript

Reviewer: There is a typo in `typecript`. Please fix it either to `typescript`, or better yet, simply use `ts`.
